Plans

	The next thing that I want to implement is a way to have shapes reverse their direction using the Path object that they already have - no new arrays
	of points! I want to use the existing data of the Path and strategically manipulate the point counter and spawn points to make the shape go backwards.
	
	And I want to add a kind of utilities panel into the JFrame, to the side of the animation panel which has a section in it for
	information about each shape that is being displayed. It should populate when a new shape gets added to the animation panel
	and depopulate when a shape is removed. The kind of information I want to see about each shape is stuff like the shape's
	current location and other relevant stuff. Maybe we can make a speed slider that only affects individual shapes rather than
	all of them. Also, I want a checkbox for reversing the direction a shape is moving in. And somewhere we should include a FPS
	counter, perhaps in the utilities panel or maybe in the corner of the screen. A way to freeze a single shape would be cool 
	too, that could be done by stopping the pointCounter from incrementing or decrementing so as not to stop the animation from 
	playing. The layout of this utilities panel would likely be a BoxLayout so the panels for each shape would stack on top of
	each other on the sideof the animation panel. Putting them inside of a scrollable panel would be great, and maybe including
	a way to filter the panels that appear there would be a good idea too, for when there are a lot of shapes on the screen. A
	search bar may be a good idea.

Known Bugs

	Two of the same shape on the screen causes an issue when one of them tries to wrap, it causes an Index out of bounds exception by trying to pull the 
	value at points.length in the points array for the shape that wraps. That same shape is fine though when it's the only one of its kind on the screen.
	
	At certain angles, shapes don't wrap, they just fly off the screen. We need to figure out which angles cause problems and make sure we are spawning
	wrap companions at the right locations
	
	Reverse mode is bugged, shapes don't wrap when reverse mode is enabled for them